a 5 minute workout to get supermodel
arms today we're sharing an effective
and easy to do exercise program that
will make your arms look just as
impressive let's try these six simple
exercises that will take you just five
minutes in each case spend a few minutes
warming up before proceeding to the main
exercises you don't even need a
stopwatch
I'll count for you so you can perform
the whole set while watching the video
number one bending the arms for the
biceps
stand with your feet shoulder-width
apart straighten your back bend your
knees and tilt your pelvis backward if
you haven't got weights you can replace
them with bottles of water fixate your
elbows raise your arms to chest level
and then to face level slowly lower your
arms try to repeat the exercise 15 to 20
times depending on your fitness level
I'll give you 30 seconds to perform the
exercise ready go
[Music]
make sure that you exhale while bending
your arms and inhale while straightening
them out
[Music]
only ten seconds left ten nine eight
seven six five four three two one
well done
number two backward chair push-ups for
the triceps
[Music]
for this exercise you can use a chair a
sofa or a bench prop your hands against
the stable surface located behind you
bend your knees at a 90 degree angle
carefully lower your pelvis by bending
your elbows return to the starting
position you should repeat the exercise
15 to 20 times and 30 seconds are all
yours
inhale while lowering yourself down and
exhale while pushing your body upward
how you feeling there only 5 seconds
left 5 4 3 2 1 there you go hey great
job number three bench push-ups for the
triceps
[Music]
place your hands on the bench
shoulder-width apart
straighten your legs and tense your
abdomen lower your upper torso by
bending your elbows try to keep your
body straight return to the starting
position you should perform the exercise
15 to 20 times ready to begin here's
your half minute
[Music]
if you're finding the exercise too
difficult try bending your knees inhale
while lowering yourself down exhale
while pushing your body upward we don't
want you to feel exhausted or tired so
don't overdo it
be careful only 5 seconds left 5 4 3 2 1
excellent well done number for wall
push-ups this exercise is perfect for
the serratus anterior the boxers muscle
the front pectoral muscle and the
shoulder girdle muscles
straighten your arms and let your palms
touch the wall place your feet
shoulder-width apart
and stand on your toes press yourself
against the wall bending your elbows
make sure to keep a straight posture
I'll give you 30 seconds for 15 to 20
reps remember you should exhale while
pushing yourself away from the wall and
inhale while bringing your torso close
to the wall do all the exercise is nice
and easy don't push yourself too hard if
you feel tired pause the video and take
a break
[Music]
only five seconds left five four three
two one
great job
number five for push-ups for the
shoulder girdle muscles the hips and the
abdomen
lie down on a floor mat slightly lift
your torso off the floor using your
hands elbows bent bend your knees and
lift your legs up ankles crossed push
yourself off the floor with your hands
here are your thirty Seconds again you
should do 15 to 20 reps inhale while
lowering yourself back to the floor
exhale while pushing your body upward
keep going till the time runs out if you
need a break pause the video and drink
some water feeling exhausted
only five seconds left five four three
two one
super we're on to the last exercise
number six shadowboxing for the shoulder
girdle muscles
[Music]
stand with your feet shoulder-width
apart relative to your torso one foot
should be placed in front the other
behind bend your knees slightly extend
one arm forward while bending the other
repeatedly alternate the positions of
your hands and feet punching at the air
with your fists you need to do 15 to 20
reps
30 seconds should be enough right if the
exercise seems too simple
try shadowboxing while holding small
weights in either hand only 10 seconds
left 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1
great job
[Music]
repeat the whole set every two days and
try to increase the number of reps hey
have you ever tried these exercises
before how do they work for you share
your experience in the comments don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video and click subscribe to join the
bright side of life
[Music]